Remove deprecated smallrye extensions (#167)
quarkus-qe/quarkus-test-plans: QUARKUS-4144.md

QUARKUS-4144 Stop productizing smallrye-metrics

## Links to the resources
Quarkus Jira: https://issues.redhat.com/browse/QUARKUS-4144
QE Jira: https://issues.redhat.com/browse/QQE-573

## Scope of the testing
Smallrye-metrics is not supported anymore, we need to drop all checks for it.

## Automated test development
- Remove quarkus-smallrye-metrics from marete config for 3.8

> - Remove quarkus-smallrye-metrics from 3.8 branch of startstop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove quarkus-smallrye-metrics from 3.8 and main branches of startstop
```
